well lower Canyon one of my favorite
places on the coloca if I can show you
this it's coming down here into nice
really nice Dale think most people paste
is slick here in the middle and I do Co
of course do but I found that the fish
are on the other side of the currents
close to the cliff and believe me when I
say I caught many fish here I tried to
cast my fly over to that clip there
man date upstream maybe feed one or two
meters of line and when it tightens up
very often there's just one or two
meters of drift and buying you're into
fish and this is an exciting place to
play fish I landed a big one down there
but maybe 16 kilos more than 30 pounds I
believe remember he was 112 centimetres
I was a good story then I had to run up
for the camera bag I was alone like I am
today
I will start my fishing up here I do the
sinking line and a big fly in the deep
water even though it's warm
maybe you can see the big boulders down
here it's full of big boulders a lot of
holding places but I will try to be
spark now I'll put the camera down in
that little bay there was here yesterday
and I
wish yourself the camera down there so I
don't have to run and default leave the
pool here with the fish I'm gonna put
the camera on and you will see me
running like a maniac over those cliffs
a funny dude but hopefully I can land it
here so putting on a samurai I think do
a song cool one I caught a few fish on
those and guide 9 Triple D 1 3 5 and my
13 7 the sea which is my favorite or
said I'm sorry I'm not that Lucy anymore
Alex I know favorite sinking line 1
fantastic water so better save some
batteries now we're gonna have some
fight
time to go to action
here we go
at the camera hook what about there no
female
20 poverty
yes
gorgeous
perfect
normos be careful
the fire captain ivanova sleep
20 but it's closed baby
Wow
raising out can change
struggling down there
keep the water which are more safe here
you say for them to take apply Samurai
Green Samurai
you